Make replication slots for members behave like permanent slots (#3108)
patroni/patroni: docs/faq.rst

    * API version 2 will be completely removed on Etcd v3.6.

I have ``use_slots`` enabled in my Patroni configuration, but when a cluster member goes offline for some time, the replication slot used by that member is dropped on the upstream node. What can I do to avoid that issue?
    There are two options:

>     1. You can tune ``member_slots_ttl`` (default value ``30min``, available since Patroni ``4.0.0`` and PostgreSQL 11 onwards) and replication slots for absent members will not be removed when member downtime is shorter than the configured threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. You can tune ``member_slots_ttl`` (default value ``30min``, available since Patroni ``4.0.0`` and PostgreSQL 11 onwards) and replication slots for absent members will not be removed when the members downtime is shorter than the configured threshold.
```

>     2. You can configure a permanent physical replication slot for the members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. You can configure permanent physical replication slots for the members.
```
